Update upgrading-stack.asciidoc (#2092)
elastic/stack-docs: docs/en/install-upgrade/upgrading-stack.asciidoc

If you cannot complete the upgrade process, 
you will need to restore from the snapshot.

> NOTE: You should upgrade the monitoring cluster before the production cluster. In general, the monitoring cluster and the clusters being monitored should be running the same version of the stack. A monitoring cluster cannot monitor production clusters running newer versions of the stack. If necessary, the monitoring cluster can monitor production clusters running the latest release of the previous major version.

Reviewer: IMO this should be a step rather than a note:

```suggestion
. If you use a separate {ref}/monitoring-production.html[monitoring cluster], you should upgrade the monitoring cluster before the production cluster. In general, the monitoring cluster and the clusters being monitored should be running the same version of the stack. A monitoring cluster cannot monitor production clusters running newer versions of the stack. If necessary, the monitoring cluster can monitor production clusters running the latest release of the previous major version.
```

Reviewer 2: ++ to what @lcawl said
